
Task 1:
    Description:
    Your task is to implement a function that extracts digits from a given string input using expressions.
    The function should iterate over each character in the input string and collect all the digits into a new string.
    The implementation should leverage expressions and lambda functions to dynamically generate the extraction logic.

    Requirements:
    *Modify a method Expressions.Task3.StringExtensions.ExtractDigitsFromString that takes a string parameter representing the input line and returns a string containing only the extracted digits.
    *Use expressions to create the logic for iterating over each character in the input string.
        Check each character to determine if it is a digit using the char.IsDigit method.
        Accumulate the digits into a new string using a StringBuilder.
    *Ensure that the function compiles into a Func<string, string> lambda expression.
    *Implement proper variable initialization and loop construction using expressions.
    *All Expressions.Task3.StringExtensions.Tests.StringExtensionTests related to ExtractDigitsFromString unit tests should be green.
    *Document your code thoroughly, explaining the purpose of each expression and the overall logic of the function(optional).
Task 2:
    Description:
    Your task is to implement a function that removes trailing spaces from a given string input using expressions.
    The function could utilize regular expressions or loop to replace consecutive spaces with a single space character.
     The implementation should leverage expressions and lambda functions to dynamically generate the removal logic.

    Requirements:
    *Modify a method Expressions.Task3.StringExtensions.RemoveTrailingSpaces that takes a string parameter representing the input line and returns a string with trailing spaces removed.
    *Use expressions to create the logic for replacing consecutive spaces with a single space character.
    *Ensure that the function compiles into a Func<string, string> lambda expression.
    *All Expressions.Task3.StringExtensions.Tests.StringExtensionTests related to RemoveTrailingSpaces unit tests should be green.
    *Document your code thoroughly, explaining the purpose of each expression and the overall logic of the function(optional).